# Safe
SAFE Safe  The Pan Am 73 flight from Bombay to New York en route Karachi and Frankfurt was hijacked by a few Palestinian terrorists at the Karachi International Airport. The senior flight purser Neerja Banhot withered her fear and helped evacuating the passengers on board.       She overheard the hijackers planning for a shootout. She was worried about this and wanted to put mid-aged men at the borders of the seats, so that the children, women and senior citizens are safe. Given r the number of rows of seats and the c number of seats in a row, a r*c grid comprising the ages of passengers in each seat and a r*c grid comprising of the categories of each passenger, can you check if the given seating arrangement is safe?  Input Format : The first line of input consists of an integer r, corresponding to the number of rows of seats in the aircraft. The second line of input consists of an integer c, corresponding to the number of seats in each row in the aircraft.  The next r lines of input each of which consists of c characters that correspond to the categories of passengers (M- man , W – woman, C- Child). The next r lines of input each of which consists of c integers that correspond to the ages of passengers.   Output Format : Output “Safe” if all the passengers in the borders are mid aged ( above 18 and below 60 both inclusive ) men else print "No". Refer sample input and output for further specifications.    Sample Input 1: 4 4 M M M M M C W M M M C M M M M M 21 32 43 45 88 2 22 56 24 39 8 41 52 46 35 53  Sample Output 1: No    Sample Input 2: 4 4 M M M M M C W M M M C M M M M M 21 32 43 45 28 2 22 56 24 39 8 41 52 46 35 53  Sample Output 2: Safe
